okay so the title of this video has the
pro
in brackets it's both the iphone 12 and
the iphone 12 pro
in one video and when i first started
using these phones
i had originally planned on doing two
separate reviews one for the pro one for
the non-pro
but as i use these phones more i
realized that they had to be done in one
video for me on my channel this had to
be
a one video because there's so much
that's like intertwined
between these two phones there's so many
things in common between them they have
the same
flat edge design the same dimensions
same screen size same screen res
the same notch sizes same magsafe
compatibility same charging speeds they
even have the same
charging brick so clearly there's a lot
in common between these two phones so if
you have a conversation about one
it's just highly dependent on the other
now if you take a step back and you look
at the pricing
the iphone 12 is an 800 phone and for
25 more pay a thousand bucks and get the
iphone 12 pro
now for apple this is a little strange
to have phones that have
a pretty different price point but to
have such a similar
feature set but here's the thing i don't
think this was the original plan
i think for apple the iphone 12 pro was
supposed to be
a more substantial step up from the
iphone 12. like this was supposed to
have a 120 hertz display we saw the
rumors in the summer
this was going to have the high refresh
screen but somehow it didn't make it to
these
units whether it's a supply chain issue
or whatever the reason being
these don't have high refresh screens so
it's pushed the 12
pro closer to the 12 in terms of feature
set and
keep that in mind because it's going to
come back into play towards the end of
the video
now both of these phones are excellent
iphones i love the flat edges and the
super flat screen the form factor is
really nice and the pacific blue on the
pro
is just a phenomenal color this is like
it's so hard to showcase this thing
properly in videos it's something you
get to see in real life
but this is a really really nice looking
color to me
and the displays on these phones are
very similar they're both 6.1 inches
high resolution oled tech they're nearly
impossible to tell apart
the iphone 12 pro gets a little bit
brighter but i think the vast majority
of people
will find both of these screens really
really good and seriously
indistinguishable unless you're looking
at them side by side and really looking
for a difference
in regards to ceramic shield that's the
tech where apple claims a
four times improvement in drop
protection that may be the case for
drops
and like shattered glass but in terms of
scratches i don't think
there's a noticeable improvement at
least not for me i had this in my pocket
in the same side as my keys i normally
try to separate it but occasionally your
phone goes into your key pocket right
and i got a scratch it's unfortunate but
if you are someone who cares about this
kind of stuff you're still going to need
a kind of screen protector
there's a new one from dbrand that uses
tempered glass and it has a really good
fit
on these devices now in terms of the
battery both of these devices have the
same battery size they're both around
2800 milliamp hours
and the iphone 12 lasts longer than the
iphone 12 pro
the 11 pro with the bigger battery and
the smaller screen lasts the longest
but the 12 pro is kind of short i don't
know why i can't explain it
maybe it's a difference in software
tweaks maybe it's the extra ram on the
pro
maybe the screens are actually more
different than it seems on paper
but that's just that's just what i'm
getting right now in terms of 4g versus
5g connectivity i can only test for 4g
up here in canada so the battery life is
good
but i have no idea what it'd be like if
i connected these two
5g towers now magsafe the tech
is neat but it's not super impressive to
me i haven't seen anything
from the magsafe accessories that really
jump out to me as being like you know i
gotta have this right now
the magnetically attached wireless
charging is nice
but it's not it doesn't feel super new
to me
i originally thought though that having
a ring of magnets on the back of your
phone
isn't it doesn't impede anything right
for the people that don't want to use
magsafe anything it doesn't change the
phone experience but
i don't know because having a series of
magnets embedded into the chassis of
these phones
it has to take up some room in there
right maybe they have to use smaller
batteries in there this year to
implement magsafe
so it's cool that it's there but i think
we have to wait a little bit to see the
true potential
of what this tech is going to bring to
the iphone ecosystem
now onto the cameras the difference
between these two phones
lies in the camera system they both now
have
low light ultrawides it's something that
the iphone 11s and the 11 pros
really lacked and they have them now
they are
pretty good but they're not amazing
right i feel like ultra wide
photography done in low light conditions
is really tough there's just a lot of
data that has to collect
and there's not a lot of light when it's
dark and it's a difficult shot to do
the iphone 12 and the iphone 12 pro
handle them reasonably well
now in terms of the regular wide lens
because the 12 pro has
the lidar scanner it often shoots better
when it comes to tough conditions and in
terms of portrait photography
it can also take advantage of that tech
it'll focus faster
and give the system better depth
information now in terms of the regular
photos i find that the 12 and the 12 pro
shoot better than last year's iphones
particularly it comes to shots with more
dynamic range
as well as shots that are showing more
detail there's just more clarity in the
shots taken from the iphone 12s
[Music]
the 12 pro does have the benefit of the
2x optical zoom
but they can both shoot in something
called dolby vision hdr
now because i use adobe premiere and it
can't even handle this
new kind of footage i can't show it to
you at least not
unless i use a completely different
editing program
but this tech is seemingly quite good so
john from tld
he shot a pretty cool hdr video with
these phones that i'll link below
but it's tech that isn't easy to kind of
visualize
right now because not a lot of phones
can even support
this type of visual experience but the
iphone 12s
can shoot view and edit it all on the
device
now i want to talk about pricing this is
a very important part
of the conversation the iphone 12 at 800
is an expensive phone certainly not
cheap but it's a
well-rounded phone this year it's a
strangely well-rounded phone
and i use the word strangely because it
has such a similar feature set to the
more expensive 12 pro the significantly
more expensive
12 pro so the 12 gets an easy
recommendation for me if you've been
eyeing it
and you can afford it it's a it's a very
solid phone
the 12 pro when i first saw this on day
one
my kind of knee-jerk reaction is it's
overpriced
it's too similar in feature set to the
12 but once you match the storage option
you're getting a better build quality
you're getting a more robust camera
system
although battery life is slightly less
you're not paying a huge amount of money
for that extra 12 pro experience but
there is one
last kind of twist to this story
at the beginning of the video i talked
about how this phone was likely going to
be upgraded to a 120 hertz panel
next year right i think those panels
will only appear
in the pro options like that would be
the best way for apple to distinguish
their pro phones from the non-pro phones
that's my guess
so if you're someone who cares about
high refresh screens
and you buy one of these this year when
the iphone 13 pro whatever they call it
when that comes out next year
you're gonna be extremely tempted to buy
that one
as well and so a phone that should last
three four five years
is now going to last one year now this
is only for people that care about
high refresh screens and on this channel
i think a lot of my viewers do
i'm just putting it out there so if
you're someone who's drawn to either of
these phones this year
keep that in mind because this year the
phones are weirdly similar but next year
i think the difference will be
more substantial possibly in price as
well and that
is my iphone 12 and 12 pro review hope
you guys enjoyed it thumbs if you liked
it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you